[eudiw] WIA and KA alignment with TS3 (#1102)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-provider-endpoint.rst

    * - **Claim**
      - **Description**
      - **Reference**
    * - **iss**
      - REQUIRED. Identifier of the Wallet Provider.
      - :rfc:`9126` and :rfc:`7519`.
    * - **exp**
      - REQUIRED. UNIX Timestamp with the expiry time of the JWT.
      - :rfc:`9126` and :rfc:`7519`.
    * - **iat**
      - REQUIRED. UNIX Timestamp with the time of JWT issuance.

>       - :rfc:`9126` and :rfc:`7519`.

Reviewer: you could explicitly justifying their removal (e.g., delegating issuer identity to x5c / trust chain) with a note, for ex: `Note that iss is not required in the KA; the Wallet Provider identity can be inferred from the signing certificate included in the x5c header parameter of the JOSE header`

For OAuth 2.0 Attestation-Based Client Authentication and Wallet Provider binding, both are typically normative so a user could expect them as required.

    * - **wallet_name**
      - REQUIRED. String containing a human-readable name of the Wallet.
      - `OpenID4VCI`_.
    * - **wallet_version**
      - REQUIRED. String value of the Wallet Solution version.
      - `OpenID4VCI`_ and `EUDI-TS 3`_.
    * - **wallet_solution_certification_information**
      - REQUIRED. String value that contains a URL that links to the certification of the Wallet Solution.
      - `EUDI-TS 3`_.
    * - **client_status**
      - REQUIRED. Status mechanism for the Wallet Attestation.

        - **status**: REQUIRED. a status list reference as specified in Appendix E of `OpenID4VCI`_. The value represents the revocation state of the Wallet Instance.
        - **exp**: REQUIRED. UNIX Timestamp specifying the time until which the Wallet Provider commits to maintaining the revocation status at the status list index referenced in ``status``.
      - `EUDI-TS 3`_.
    * - **sub**

>       - REQUIRED. Identifier of the Wallet Instance which is the unique identifier of Wallet Solution in ULR format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - REQUIRED. Identifier of the Wallet Instance which is the unique identifier of Wallet Solution in URL format.
```

    As the certification scheme has not yet been defined, the exact content of ``wallet_solution_certification_information`` is undefined. This content will be defined in a future update.

.. note::

>     As a revocation mechnism for WIA, the per-issuer reuse option described in Section 2.5.1 of `EUDI-TS 3`_ is prefered. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As a revocation mechanism for WIA, the per-issuer reuse option described in Section 2.5.1 of `EUDI-TS 3`_ is preferred. 
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This is a RESTful API endpoint provided by the Wallet Provider that enables the Wallet Instance to obtain Key Attestation, by sending a Key Attestation Issuance Request.

Key Attestation Issuance Request
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The Key Attestation Issuance Request uses the HTTP POST method with ``Content-Type`` set to ``application/json``. (:ref:`WP_026 <wallet-instance-testcases>` and :ref:`WP_140–142 <wallet-instance-optional-testcases>`).

The ``typ`` header of the Key Attestation Issuance Request JWT assumes the value ``keyattestation-request+jwt``.

The Key Attestation Issuance Request body contains an ``assertion`` parameter whose value is a signed JWT including all header parameters and body claims described below.

Below is a non-normative example of a Key Attestation Request.

.. code-block:: http

    POST /key-attestation HTTP/1.1
    Host: application-provider.example.org
    Content-Type: application/json

    {
      "assertion": "eyJpc3MiOiJodHRwczovL3dhbGxldC1wcm92aWRlc..."
    }

In particular, the Key Attestation Issuance JWT includes the following HTTP header parameters:

> .. _table_wua_request_claim:

Reviewer: ditto https://github.com/italia/eid-wallet-it-docs/pull/1102/changes#r3159475188

.. note::
    As the certification scheme has not yet been defined, the exact content of ``certification`` is undefined and will be specified in a future update.

.. note::

>     As a revocation mechnism for KA, the Type-shared index described in Section 2.5.2 of `EUDI-TS 3`_ is prefered. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As a revocation mechanism for KA, the Type-shared index described in Section 2.5.2 of `EUDI-TS 3`_ is preferred. 
```
